my name is Elizabeth kaldur'ahm I'm a
third grade teacher at Barney Ford
Elementary I teach third grade ELA as
students we are at inly school which
means that we do transitional native
language instruction for our students
students just come in and they
automatically know where they need to go
it's easy to move around the classroom
things are set up where it's easily
accessible for them they come in we do
the Pledge of Allegiance as a class we
also have an accountability chant and
that's just kind of to get us ready and
prepare us for the day and what's to
come up we go over our agenda as far as
what we're doing throughout the day and
then we get started right away usually
we start with writing we go into reading
we take a little break for lunch and
then we come back doing some skills
practice get into our math and then
finish up the day with some fun stuff
with either social studies or science
being in a classroom you don't realize
how important that classroom management
is and things that we had learned over
the course of our training were things
that I was able to implement from day
one along with some aspects of the
lesson planning we're really critical to
actually have all of that set up and
ready to go before the first day of
school
can I get some are rockstars videos and
ah it's okay if you're not done I'm
gonna give you some time to finish high
right now i'll give up your okay for my
personality and for me this works really
well i needed to be able to work full
time and getting on the job training is
probably one of the best ways to become
an effective teacher there's a lot that
I have to do on my own but it's been a
great learning experience and it's my
students who have inspired me to work
harder to make sure that they've got
everything that they need to become
successful there's nothing that will
stop any of my students from doing
anything that they want to do and that's
what I want to do is I want to inspire
them to know that they're there may be
challenges but there are no obstacles
and all they have to do is just run
through them
Denver Teaching Fellows has definitely
given me the support that I needed to
become a successful teacher they provide
a lot of resources and I just highly
recommend that if you're a real
go-getter and you know that teaching is
what you want to get into Denver
Teaching Fellows is definitely a program
to look into and use their knowledge and
their expertise to help you in the
classroom
you